.TH FDU 1 "7 April 1993" FSP
.SH NAME
fducmd, fdu  \- display the number of disk blocks used per directory or file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fducmd
[
.B \-s
]
[
.B \-a
]
[
.B \-r
]
[
.I filename
.B .\|.\|.
]
.LP
.B fdu
[
.B \-s
]
[
.B \-a
]
[
.B \-r
]
[
.I filename
.B .\|.\|.
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B fdu
gives the number of kilobytes contained in all files and, recursively,
directories within each specified directory or file
.IR filename .
If
.I filename
is missing, 
.RB ` . '
(the current directory) is used.
.LP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-s
Only display the grand total for each of the specified
.IR filename s.
.TP
.B \-a
Generate an entry for each file.
Entries are generated only for each directory in the absence of this option.
.TP
.B \-r
Recursively go down in the directory tree and show deeper entries, too.
In absence of this option the deeper directory tree branches are only counted
belonging to their parent in the top level directory.
.LP
.B fducmd
will perform
.B csh
file name globbing based on file and directory information
obtained from the FSP database.
.LP
Since user's command shells generally cannot do the proper globbing for
this program, it is recommended that user defines a shell alias or
function to turn off command shell globbing before running this program.
.B csh
example:
.LP
.nf
alias fdu \e(set noglob\e; exec fducmd \e!\e*\e)
.fi
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.LP
See fsp_env(7) for list of used environment variables.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PD
fcatcmd(1), fcdcmd(1), fgetcmd(1), fgrabcmd(1), flscmd(1), fmkdir(1),
fprocmd(1), fput(1), frmcmd(1), frmdircmd(1), fver(1), fducmd(1),
fhostcmd(1), fspd(1), fsp_prof(5), ffindcmd(1), fsp_env(7)
