.TH FFIND 1 "14 April 1993" FSP
.SH NAME
ffindcmd, ffind \- find files by name or by other characteristics in FSP database
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ffindcmd
.I pathname-list  expression
.br
.B ffind
.I pathname-list  expression
.LP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ffindcmd
recursively descends the directory hierarchy for each 
pathname in the 
.IR pathname-list ,
seeking files that match a logical
.I expression
written using the operators listed below.  
.SH USAGE
.SS Operators
In the descriptions, the argument 
.I n
is used as a decimal integer where 
.BI + n
means more than 
.IR n ,
.BI \-  n
means less than 
.IR n ,
and 
.I n
means exactly
.IR n .
All three maybe used if an integer argument is needed.
.I
.TP 15
.BI \-name " filename" 
True if the 
.I filename
argument matches the current file name.
Shell argument syntax can be used if escaped (watch out for
.BR [ ", "
.BR ? " and "
.BR * ")."
.TP
.B \-prune
Always yields true.  Has the side effect of pruning the search
tree at the file.  That is, if the current path name is a directory,
.B ffindcmd
will not descend into that directory.
.TP
.BI \-type " c"
True if the type of the file is 
.IR c ,
where 
.I c
is one of:
.RS 
.RS
.TP
.PD 0
.B d
for directory
.TP
.B f
for plain file
.RE
.RE
.PD
.TP
.BI \-size " n"
True if the file is 
.I n
blocks long (512 bytes per block).
If
.I n
is followed by a
.BR c ,
the size is in characters.
.TP
.BI \-time " n"
True if the file has been accessed/modified/changed in 
.I n
days.
.TP
.BI \-exec " command"
True if the executed 
.I command
returns a zero value as exit status.
The end of 
.I command
must be punctuated by an escaped semicolon.
A command argument 
.B {\|}
is replaced by the current pathname.
.TP
.BI \-ok " command"
Like
.B \-exec
except that the generated command is written on
the standard output, then the standard input is read
and the command executed only upon response
.BR y .
.TP
.B \-print
Always true; the current pathname is printed.
.TP
.B \-ls
Always true;
prints current pathname together
with its associated statistics.
These include
size in blocks (512 bytes),
protection mode,
number of hard links,
user,
group,
size in bytes,
and modification time.
.br
Note: formatting is done internally,
without executing the
.B fls
program.
.TP
.BI \-newer " file"
True if the current file has been modified more recently than the
argument 
.IR filename .
.TP
.BI ( expression )
True if the parenthesized 
.I expression
is true.
.br
Note: Parentheses are special to the shell and must be escaped.
.TP
.BI ! primary
True if the 
.I primary
is false 
.RB ( !
is the unary 
.I not
operator).
.HP
.I primary1
[
.B \-a
]
.I primary2
.br
True if both 
.I primary1
and 
.I primary2
are true.
The 
.B \-a
is not required.  It is implied by the juxtaposition of two 
primaries.
.HP
.IB primary1 " \-o " primary2
.br
True if either 
.I primary1
or 
.I primary2
is true
.RB "(" \-o " is the"
.I or
operator).
.LP
.B ffindcmd
will perform
.B csh
file name globbing based on file and directory information
obtained from the FSP database.
.LP
Since user's command shells generally cannot do the proper globbing for
this program, it is recommended that user defines a shell alias or
function to turn off command shell globbing before running this program.
.B csh
example:
.LP
.nf
alias ffind \e(set noglob\e; exec ffindcmd \e!\e*\e)
.fi
.SH EXAMPLE
To find all the files called 
.B intro.ms
starting from the current
directory:
.LP
.nf
example% ffind . \-name intro.ms \-print
\&.\|/manuals/assembler/intro.ms
\&.\|/manuals/sun.core/intro.ms
\&.\|/manuals/driver.tut/intro.ms
\&.\|/manuals/sys.manager/uucp.impl/intro.ms
\&.\|/supplements/general.works/unix.introduction/intro.ms
\&.\|/supplements/programming.tools/sccs/intro.ms
example%
.fi
.LP
To recursively print all files names in the current directory and below,
but skipping 
.SM SCCS
directories:
.LP
.nf
example% ffind . \-name \s-1SCCS\s0 \-prune \-o \-print
example%
.fi
.LP
To recursively print all files names in the current directory and below,
skipping the contents of
.SM SCCS
directories, but printing out the
.SM SCCS
directory name:
.nf
example% ffind . \-print \-name \s-1SCCS\s0 \-prune
example%
.fi
.LP
To remove files named
.B a.out
or
.B *.o 
that have not been accessed for a week or more
.nf
example% ffind . \e( \-name a.out \-o \-name *.o \e) \-time +7 \-exec frm {\|} \e;
.fi
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.LP
See fsp_env(7) for list of used environment variables.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PD
fcatcmd(1), fcdcmd(1), fgetcmd(1), fgrabcmd(1), flscmd(1), fmkdir(1),
fprocmd(1), fput(1), frmcmd(1), frmdircmd(1), fver(1), fducmd(1),
fhostcmd(1), ffindcmd(1), fspd(1), fsp_prof(5)
.LP
.SH "BUGS"
There seems to be a problem using an alias as command to execute.
But since there is no globbing performed on the pathname
the original FSP commands may be used instead.
