.TH FGRAB 1 "3 Sep 2003" FSP
.SH NAME
fgrabcmd, fgrab \- download files from the FSP database
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fgrabcmd
[-[f|o]|u|t|n|a|c|r|p]
.br
.B fgrabcmd
[-[f|o]|u|t|n|a|c|r|p]
.I filename
\&.\|.\|.
.LP
.B fgrab
[-[f|o]|u|t|n|a|c|r|p]
.br
.B fgrab
[-[f|o]|u|t|n|a|c|r|p]
.I filename
\&.\|.\|.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
When used without arguments, a list of file names is read from the
standard input.  When arguments are given, the arguments are taken
to be the list of file names.  For each file named in the list,
.B fgrabcmd
copies the file to the client's current working directory in the
client machine, and deletes it from the FSP database.
It is guaranteed that multiple concurrent grab actions appear to be
mutually exclusive.
.B fgrabcmd
will perform
.B csh
file name globbing based on file and directory information
obtained from the FSP database.
.LP
Since user's command shells generally cannot do the proper globbing for
this program, it is recommended that user defines a shell alias or
function to turn off command shell globbing before running this program.
.B csh
example:
.LP
.nf
alias fgrab \e(set noglob\e; exec fgrabcmd \e!\e*\e)
.fi
.SH ARGUMENTS
.LP
.B -p 
-- preserve date/times of original file.
.LP
.B -f | -o
-- forces overwriting of files during an fgrab.
.LP
.B -u
-- forces unique filenames (appends a unique integer to each copy)
.LP
.B -t
-- forces overwrite of local file if download is successful.
This has the drawback of possibly leaving behind temporary files with names like
.I .fsp.####
.LP
.B -n
-- forces
.B fgrabcmd
to refuse to overwrite files with identical names.
.LP
.B -a | -c
-- forces
.B fgrabcmd
to try and append data to a partial file.
.LP
.B -r
-- forces
.B fgetcmd
to recursively get all files in given directories.
.LP
The default mode is for
.B fgrabcmd
is to create unique file names.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.LP
See fsp_env(7) for list of used environment variables.
.SH "BUGS"
If
.B fgrab
is interrupted, the file being copied is deleted nonetheless.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PD
fcatcmd(1), fcdcmd(1), fgetcmd(1), fgrabcmd(1), flscmd(1), fmkdir(1),
fprocmd(1), fput(1), frmcmd(1), frmdircmd(1), fver(1), fducmd(1),
fhostcmd(1), fspd(1), fsp_prof(5), ffindcmd(1), fsp_env(7)
