.TH FHOST 1 "15 Oct 2003" FSP
.SH NAME
fhostcmd, fhost \- set environment variables
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fhostcmd [-d delay] [-p local port] [-l local directory] [-o timeout]
[-t trace] [-w password] [-f filename] [-h number | name] [-c | -b]
[host port [directory] | abbreviation]
.LP
.B fhost [-d delay] [-p local port] [-l local directory] [-o timeout]
[-t trace] [-w password] [-f filename] [-h number | name] [-c | -b]
[host port [directory] | abbreviation]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
.B fhost
uses a resources files to set all environmant variables needed to connect to a
given host via FSP. If a -f option is given, the given filename is also used
as resources file.
.B fhost
loads all available resource files. If server is defined in multiple
files, first match is returned. Load order is
.I .fsp_prof
in the current working directory and in the user's home
directory. Then a system wide default file is used.
If
.B fhost
is invoked with an abbreviation given, the resource files are searched for the
first host to match this abbreviation. The values given for this host will
be set.
.LP
If
.B fhost
is invoked with a given host and port number, this host will be used and no
searching in the resource file will be done.
.LP
Setting up the host the user can change between using the host name or the
internet address. In case only one is given and the other should be used
.B fhost
tries to find it using a built in mini-nslookup facility. The default is to use
what is given and to use the number if both are given.
.LP
Since programs cannot change environment variables of their parent shell in
a simple way, it is recommended that the user defines a shell alias or
function to make it possible.
.B csh
example:
.LP
.nf
alias fhost 'eval `fhostcmd \!*`'
.fi
.SH FSP_PROF
For more information about the resource file confer
.I fsp_prof(5).
Here's just a short example of how it works. If your resource file contains
the following

.nf
host seismo.soar.cs.cmu.edu
fsp port 30
local directory ~/sources/fsp-266.1
trace off
.fi

a call of
.B fhost
seismo in
.B csh
will produce the following output to be evaluated

.nf
unsetenv FSP_TRACE;
setenv FSP_PORT 30;
setenv FSP_LOCAL_DIR ~/sources/fsp-266.1;
setenv FSP_HOST seismo.soar.cs.cmu.edu;
setenv FSP_DIR /;
.fi
.SH ARGUMENTS
.LP
.B -d
-- set FSP_DELAY to
.I delay
.LP
.B -p
-- set FSP_LOCALPORT to
.I local port
.LP
.B -l
-- set FSP_LOCAL_DIR to
.I local directory
.LP
.B -o
-- set FSP_TIMEOUT to
.I timeout
.LP
.B -t
-- set FSP_TRACE if
.I trace
=
.I on,
unset it if
.I trace
=
.I off
.LP
.B -p
-- set FSP_PASSWORD to
.I password
.LP
.B -f
-- use
.I filename
as resource file
.LP
.B -b
-- output Bourne shell code
.LP
.B -c
-- output C shell code
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.LP
The environment variables associate this program with a FSP database and are
set (resp. unset) if needed. See fsp_env(7) for list.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PD
fcatcmd(1), fcdcmd(1), fgetcmd(1), fgrabcmd(1), flscmd(1), fmkdir(1),
fprocmd(1), fput(1), frmcmd(1), frmdircmd(1), fver(1), fducmd(1),
fhostcmd(1), fspd(1), fsp_prof(5), ffindcmd(1), fsp_env(7), fspsites(5)
