.TH FPRO 1 "27 January 1993" FSP
.SH NAME
fprocmd, fpro \- get or set permissions for directories in the FSP database
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fprocmd
[
.B +c|-c|+d|-d|+g|-g|+m|-m|+l|-l|+r|-r
]
.I [ directory ]
\&.\|.\|.
.LP
.B fpro
[
.B +c|-c|+d|-d|+g|-g|+m|-m|+l|-l|+r|-r
]
.I [ directory ]
\&.\|.\|.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
If no flags are specified, for each file named in the argument list,
.B fprocmd
displays the current permission settings for each directory named.
If a flag is present (only one may be specified each time),
.B fprocmd
will perform the following operations
and display the resulting settings for each named directory:
.TP
.B +c
Give others permission to create new items.
.TP
.B -c
Deny others permission to create new items.
.TP
.B +d
Give others permission to delete old items.
.TP
.B -d
Deny others permission to delete old items.
.TP
.B +g
Give others permission to get items.
.TP
.B -g
Deny others permission to get items.
.TP
.B +m
Give others permission to create subdirectories.
.TP
.B -m
Deny others permission to create subdirectories.
.TP
.B +l
Give others permission to list directory content.
.TP
.B -l
Deny others permission to list directory content.
.TP
.B +r
Give others permission to rename files in this directory.
.TP
.B -r
Deny others permission to rename files in this directory.
.LP
.B fprocmd
will perform
.B csh
file name globbing based on file and directory information
obtained from the FSP database.
.LP
Since user's command shells generally cannot do the proper globbing for
this program, it is recommended that user defines a shell alias or
function to turn off command shell globbing before running this program.
.B csh
example:
.LP
.nf
alias fpro \e(set noglob\e; exec fprocmd \e!\e*\e)
.fi
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.LP
See fsp_env(7) for list of used environment variables.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PD
fcatcmd(1), fcdcmd(1), fgetcmd(1), fgrabcmd(1), flscmd(1), fmkdir(1),
fprocmd(1), fput(1), frmcmd(1), frmdircmd(1), fver(1), fducmd(1),
fhostcmd(1), fspd(1), fsp_prof(5), ffindcmd(1), fsp_env(7)
