.TH FSP_PROF 5 "15 Oct 2003"
.SH NAME
fsp_prof \- file for fsp remote login data
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B \&.fsp_prof
file contains data for logging in to a
remote host over the network for file transfers by
.BR fsp
commands. This file resides in the user's current or home directory
on the machine initiating the file transfer. A system wide default file
will be also used.
If passwords are stored in this file, its permissions should be set to
disallow read access by group and others (see
.BR chmod (1)).
.LP
The following tokens
are recognized; they may be separated by
.SM SPACE
or
.SM NEWLINE
characters (except the
.I host
command which has to be on a line of its own):
.TP
.BI host | machine  " name | internet-addr [ alias ...]"
Identify a remote machine name.
The auto-login process searches the
.B .fsp_prof
file for a
token that matches the alias or hostname given.
Once a match is made, the subsequent
.B .fsp_prof
tokens are processed, stopping when the
.SM EOF
is reached or another
.B host
token is encountered.
.TP
.BI "[fsp] port"  " port"
Identify the remote fsp port.
.TP
.BI "local port"  " port"
Identify the local port to be used by fsp.
.TP
.BI "[fsp] directory"   " dir"
Set the directory in the FSP database.
.TP
.BI "local directory" " dir"
Set the local working directory.
.TP
.BI delay " delay"
Set the delay value.
.TP
.BI timeout " tim"
Set the timeout value.
.TP
.BI trace " on | off"
Enable resp. disable tracing.
.TP
.BI password " password"
Supply a password.
Note: if this token is present the 
.B .fsp_prof
file shouldn't be readable by anyone besides the user. See 
.BR chmod (1).
.SH FILES
.PD
.B ~/.fsp_prof
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PD
fcatcmd(1), fcdcmd(1), fgetcmd(1), fgrabcmd(1), flscmd(1), fmkdir(1),
fprocmd(1), fput(1), frmcmd(1), frmdircmd(1), fver(1), fducmd(1),
fsethostcmd(1), fspd(1), fsp_prof(5), ffindcmd(1), fsp_env(7)
