.TH "FSP ENVIRONMENT" 7 "Oct 2010" FSP "FSP Environment Variables"
.SH NAME
Environment variables used by FSP Clients programs
.SH SYNOPSIS
setenv VARIABLE value | export VARIABLE=value
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.LP
The following variables are used for access FSP servers:
.TP
.B FSP_HOST
The name or internet number of the machine with the FSP server. Required.
.TP
.B FSP_PORT
The port number of the UDP socket used by the FSP server. Required.
.TP
.B FSP_LOCALIP
Local Address of UDP socket used by FSP client utilities. This
IP address must be one of your local IP addresses. If not used,
TCP protocol stack sets the default. This variable is mainly
used for multi-homed hosts.
.TP
.B FSP_LOCALPORT
The port number of the UDP socket used by FSP client utilities.
The only reason to define this variable is to ensure mutual
exclusion of client commands when none of the udp packet
multiplexing mechanisms are enabled during compile time.
You may pick any number not currently used for other purposes.
.TP
.B FSP_PASSWORD
Access password for FSP server. Directories on FSP server can be
password protected. FSP server can change your access level if you have
provided a correct password. There are 2 access levels: public and owner.
.TP
.B FSP_BUF_SIZE
Prefered size of server reply. Default for client is 1024 which is also
maximum value required for all FSP servers by protocol specification.
Some servers can accept and send larger packets, default value for fspd is 1452.
Using larger packets will you give extra speed. For best reliability network transport must be able to send entire packet without need for fragmentation.
You can lower size if you want to get smaller packets from server or slow down
client.
.TP
.B FSP_DIR
The current working directory of the client in the FSP server.
The server's root is /.
.TP
.B FSP_TRACE
If this variable is set to any value, program
will display the number of kilo-byte blocks transferred as transfer
progresses.  Also shown will be a measure of characters per second
so that network speed has an indicator.  This variable has no effect when the
standard output is a terminal.
.TP
.B FSP_TIMEOUT
If this variable is set, it contains the timeout value in seconds.
The default value is 360.
No function if program was compiled without timeout code.
.TP
.B FSP_DELAY
Minimum wait time before resending packet in milliseconds. This should
be set close to expected round trip time. Default value is 1340, minimum
value is 1000.
.TP
.B FSP_MAXDELAY
Maximum wait time before resending packet in milliseconds. Default value
is 60000, maximum 300000.
.TP
.B FSP_LOCAL_DIR
Where to look for local files. Default is current directory.
