.TH FSPD 1 "Mar 2005" FSP
.SH NAME
fspd, in.fspd \- File Service Protocol (FSP) server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fspd [-f configfile] [-p port] [-i] [-v|-V] [-t timeout] [-X] [-d directory] [-F ] [-T temporary directory] [-l logfile] [-P pidlogname] [-b bandwidth] [-s packetsize]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B fspd
is the server for an anonymous-ftp style archive called FSP. The main
features of this service are: connection-less model, communication
robustness, server resource protection, inter-client protection, and user
friendly interface. Please read the INFO file bundled with the FSP source
for more information. 
.LP
.SH OPTIONS
.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -f
May be used to specify an alternate configuration file.

.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -i
Use when fspd is running from inetd.

.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -p port
May be used to specify an alternative port.

.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -d directory
May be used to specify an alternative home directory.

.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -v | -V
Show server version.

.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -X
Turn on debuging.

.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -t timeout
Set server inactivity shutdown timeout for running in inetd mode. Default is
120 seconds. When -d is used, this timeout works in normal mode also (usefull
for debuging of memory leaks).

.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -F
Run fspd in foreground, do not daemonize.

.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -T directory
Set server temporary directory used for uploading. This directory can
be outside FSP home directory since it is not directly accessible by
clients. Using directory inside FSP home is not a security risk.

.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -l logfile
Write log output to file.

.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -P pidlogname
Write pid to the given file name.

.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -b bandwidth
Enable bandwidth limiting. Limit output to
.I bandwidth
bytes per second.

.PD 0
.TP 20
.B -s packetsize
Sets maximum allowed or prefered packet's payload size. Server must
support packets up to 1024, but may prefer to send smaller packets.
It may accept packets over 1024 bytes. Default value is 1460 bytes.
All networks must be able to transfer 500 bytes (RFC requirement).

.LP
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP 20
.B .FSP_OWNER
Used to indicate the ownership of a directory.  This file contains
lines with the same syntax as host lines in fspd.cnf but without
keyword host on start of line. Host types D, I, N can be used to
restrict access to specific directory. Owners are marked with host
type O.

.TP
.B .README
A text file that is sent to the client when the directory is entered giving
information about the directory.  It can only be hand created by the site
administrator at this time. This text file should be no more than 1022
bytes in size. Any data above this limit will be silently ignored. Name
of this file can be changed in server configuration file.

.TP
.B .FSP_OK_DEL
Existence of this file in a directory grants non-owner machines
the permission to delete items from this directory.

.TP
.B .FSP_OK_ADD
Existence of this file in a directory grants non-owner machines
the permission to add items to this directory.

.TP
.B .FSP_NO_LIST
Existence of this file removes right to list a directory from
non-owner.

.TP
.B .FSP_NO_GET
Existence of this file in a directory means that files in that
directory cannot be read by public, i.e. they are private.

.TP
.B .FSP_OK_MKDIR
Existence of this file in a directory grants non-owner machines
the permission to create subdirectories under the current directory.

.TP
.B .FSP_OK_RENAME
Existence of this file in a directory grants non-owner machines
the permission to rename files in directory.

.TP
.B .FSP_OK_PASSWORD
Password required for non privileged access.

.TP
.B .FSP_OWNER_PASSWORD
Password required for privileged access. You must have also your
IP listed in .FSP_OWNER file.

.TP
.B .TXXXXXXXXXXXX
Transient temporary file in the FSP temporary directory used for file
uploading.

.TP
.B .GXXXXXXXXXXXX
Transient temporary file in the FSP temporary directory used for file
downloading through the
.B fgrab
command.

.TP
.B fspd.conf
A file containing control information about how specific features of the
server are to be used. See the 
.B example.conf
file for explicit details.

.TP
.B .FSP_CONTENT
File used to cache directory listing.  Such files are normally created
on demand in each directory that
.B fspd
exports.

.SH SIGNALS
.TP
.B SIGUSR1
Server dumps stats to file specified as dumpfile in configuration.
This file must be writeable by server or server must have rights
to create it.

.TP
.B SIGINT | SIGTERM
Server performs cleaup and exits. All connected clients will be
disconnected. Because FSP is stateless protocol, if you start
server later, clients can continue without breakage.

.SH EXIT CODES
.B 1
configuration or command line invocation error.

.B 2
can not open/bind server socket

.B 3
can not change uid to runuid

.B 4
can not change gid to rungid

.B 5
out of memory

.B 6
can not change directory to homedir

.B 7
select() error

.B 99
Internal terror

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PD
fcatcmd(1), fcdcmd(1), fgetcmd(1), fgrabcmd(1), flscmd(1), fmkdir(1),
fprocmd(1), fput(1), frmcmd(1), frmdircmd(1), fver(1), fducmd(1),
fhostcmd(1), fspd(1), fsp_prof(5), ffindcmd(1), fbye(1), fmvcmd(1)
