.TH FSPSCAN 1 "Jan 2005" FSP

.SH NAME
fspscan is a small tool to scan host for a running fsp server

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fspscan
[-t][-o file][-r retries][-l local port][-i ip address][-p starting port][-h][-e endport]

.SH DESCRIPTION
fspscan is small tool to scan for a running fsp server on a remote host. When it  detects a running server it will display
the server version and the port.

.SH ARGUMENTS
.LP
.B -t
-- trace (on|off), default is off
.LP
.B -o
-- file, define a file for the output, default is stdout
.LP
.B -r
-- retries, define the number of probes bevor we skip this port and continue with the next one, default is 3
.LP
.B -l
-- local port, define the local port number we use for scaning, default is 9191
.LP
.B -i
-- ip address, define the ip address or hostname of the host you would like to scan
.LP
.B -p
-- starting port, define the port number where we start to scan, default is 21
.LP
.B -e
-- ending port, define the port number where we stop to scan, default is 65535
.LP
.B -h
-- help, print out a short help and the default values

.SH BUGS
fspscan is not fastest scanning tool on the earth. This program is
known in the wild as FSP exploit. Detection can be avoided by
disabling CC_VERSION command on server side.
.SH HISTORY
This program was written in late 1992 by Cuda and quickly becomes must have
tool for every FSP fan. In September 2003
it was adapted to modern C compilers and added to FSP suite by Radim
Kolar. Because most value of this program is purely historic, fixes
and feature enhancements
of this program are kept at minimal amount.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PD
fcatcmd(1), fcdcmd(1), fgetcmd(1), fgrabcmd(1), flscmd(1), fmkdir(1),
fprocmd(1), fput(1), frmcmd(1), frmdircmd(1), fver(1), fducmd(1),
fhostcmd(1), fspd(1), fstatcmd(1), fsp_prof(5), ffindcmd(1), fsp_env(7)
